# Manhattan Bot Group Nuker

## Installation
Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/mikesyzlack/manhattan-bot.git
```

Open directory:
`cd manhattan-bot`

Run the commands to generate a python virtual environment so it doesnt affect your system python installation:
```
python3 -m venv py_venv
source py_venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Configuration
You will need to configure the config.json file with your api_id, api_has and phone number. 

The api_id and api_hash can be generated by logging into the telegram website https://my.telegram.org/auth and clicking Go to "API development tools" and fill out the form. You will get basic addresses as well as the api_id and api_hash parameters required for user authorization.

Enter these values in config.json and save the file along with your account phone number

## Running Script
The script can be run using the command
`python ./nukegroups.py` (or `python3 nukegroups.py` if you arent using a python3 virtualenv) depending on how your python installation is configured in your PATH.

The script will prompt you to log in with your phone number, provide a 6 digit code that is sent to you on telegram, and supply your 2FA password if you have one.

The script will search through all your groups and give you a numbered list of all groups you are 
1. admin
2. have ban permissions

You can select a group by typing the index number next to it. The application will then tell you the user ids of the group members, the amount of group members, and ask you to confirm you would like to ban these people from the group.

By typing in the number of group members to confirm, the script will start issuing ban commands to these users.

You can re-run this script again to perform on a different group.
